Xsup 39289 mirroring fix (#35630)
demisto/content: Packs/CortexXDR/ReleaseNotes/6_1_59.md

#### Integrations

##### Palo Alto Networks Cortex XDR - Investigation and Response

> - Fixed an issue in ***mirroring*** where incident updates were not reflected from XDR due to recent changes in the XDR platform by adding ***xdr delay in minutes*** argument to extend lookBack time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue in **mirroring** where incident updates were not reflected from Cortex XDR due to recent changes in the Cortex XDR platform by adding the *xdr delay in minutes* argument to extend the lookback time.
```

> Fixed an issue in **mirroring** where incident updates were not reflected from Cortex XDR due to recent changes in the Cortex XDR platform by adding the *xdr delay in minutes* argument to extend the lookback time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue in *mirroring* where incident updates from Cortex XDR were not reflected due to recent changes in the Cortex XDR platform. This was addressed by adding the *xdr delay in minutes* argument to extend the look-back period.

```
